smooth so you're the new neighbor yeah
I'm Zach by the way
I'm Hannah Hannah get away from the
window now I gotta go
hi hey we're just moving in good talk
he's a big teddy bear don't take it
personally it doesn't really like anyone
yeah Hannah's in trouble he's locked in
this house and her dad's a psychopath Oh
does she have a friend
The Abominable Snowman of Pasadena these
are all goosebumps manuscripts why are
these books locked did you unlock a book
oh no sorry I'll put it back where it
belongs look here it is no don't open it
based on the worldwide phenomenon
goosebumps
formidable snowman just crawled out of a
book that doesn't just happen
just well as every monster I've ever
created I'm stuck go on without and he
said yourself good luck
no I didn't admit it this year
the only way to solve them misses
something back into the book you've read
them all right yeah yeah if we know
their weaknesses we can capture them all
were the only ones who can do this I'm
okay experience more monsters than
you've ever imagined
one incredible adventure right now
goosebumps no maybe they're friendly Oh
not friendly definitely not friendly